---
title: The 2022 European Symposium on Usable Security – Call for posters
author: admin
layout: post
modal-id: 1
date: 2022-07-11
img: Copenhagen.png
thumbnail: KIT.png
alt: Copenhagen.png
project-date: July 2022
category: News
---

Dates and Location: September 29 & 30, 2022 Karlsruhe, Germany
The European Symposium on Usable Security (EuroUSEC) serves as a European forum for research and discussion in the area of human factors in security and privacy. EuroUSEC solicits previously unpublished work offering novel research contributions or clearly articulated research visions in any aspect of human-centered security and privacy. 

The aim of EuroUSEC is to bring together an interdisciplinary group of researchers and practitioners in human-computer interaction, security, and privacy. Participants are researchers, practitioners, and students from domains including computer science, engineering, psychology, the social sciences, and economics.
EuroUSEC 2022 will be a hybrid-onsite event to be prepared in case of new Covid variants in autumn. EuroUSEC will be – again – an independent event, not associated to any conference. It will be held in Karlsruhe and the KASTEL Security Research Labs will sponsor the event so that registration costs will be minimised (to cover refreshments and a social event).

On the same note, we have secured funding to pay for the proceedings and we are currently negotiating with ACM to publish it. The funding will allow us to pay for open access options, meaning the proceedings will be open access via the EuroUSEC 2022 website.
For those joining remotely, we want to accommodate as many time zones as possible, but also allow for breaks so as to reduce Zoom-overload and fatigue. The final schedule will depend on the submission numbers. More information will be provided as appropriate.

If travelling is unrestricted, we would ask one of the authors of each accepted paper to present the paper in person at the symposium. If people cannot travel, they are required to present their papers virtually. Under the same restrictions, we will ask the keynote speakers to come in person.

We want EuroUSEC to be a community-driven event and would love to hear any questions, comments, or concerns you might have regarding these changes from last year. Therefore we want to encourage everyone to join the everyone to join the EuroUSEC Slack. You can also send us an email at eurousec22-chairs@lists.kit.edu.
EuroUSEC is part of the USEC family of events. You can find more info about all USEC events at: https://www.usablesecurity.net/USEC/index.php
Read more here: https://eurousec2022.secuso.org/ 
